docs: add nx.json stacks field example to workspace init docs (#308)
amido/amido.github.io: docs/nx/workspace/init.md

Allows you to choose your recommended 3rd party provider options.

## Prerequisites

> This generator depends on the `stacks` field within `nx.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To scaffold your workspace with infrastructure there is a dependency on the `stacks` field within `nx.json`.
```

> If you have already run Stacks CLI or `create-stacks-workspace`, this field will automatically be populated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have already run the Stacks CLI these fields will be automatically populated, alternatively if you created your workspace with the `create-stacks-workspace`, these fields will have been populated if you passed in the relevant CLI arguments.
```

If you are Stackifying an existing Nx workspace, this must be added manually - an example `stacks` field can be seen here:

```json
{
  "stacks": {
    "business": {
      "company": "Ensono",
      "domain": "stacks",
      "component": "nx"
    },
    "domain": {
      "internal": "test.com",
      "external": "test.dev"
    },
    "cloud": {
      "platform": "azure",
      "region": "euw"
    },
    "pipeline": "azdo",
    "terraform": {
      "group": "terraform-group",
      "storage": "terraform-storage",
      "container": "terraform-container"
    },
    "vcs": {
      "type": "github",
      "url": "remote.git"
    }
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Worth adding in an admonitions here suggesting the user refers to the Stacks CLI documentation for more info about what all these values are

Author: Added a link to this
